>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Some people believe
that we should leave
the past alone,
while others think there's
no more worthy study.
Whether it be classical history
or history of a more personal
kind, our past can lay a more
sensible context for our lives
if we're willing to dig a bit.
Dr. Bruce Goldberg has
taken thousands of people
into their deep
past via hypnosis,
and has found a rich and complex
history to the human race.
In this conversation,
we're going
to touch on some key points
in the human experience--
Egypt, Atlantis, and Lemuria--
and how those societies were
influenced by time
travelers from the future.
And welcome back.
>>BRUCE GOLDBERG: Thank you.
>>REGINA: Our last
conversation was a wild ride.
It was absolutely wonderful.
This is the stuff I live for.
I love it.
>>GOLDBERG: It's a pleasure to
reincarnate with you, Regina.
>>REGINA: OK, let's start
out and lay a platform
for a lot of this
information has
come through people who you
have taken back into time
and taken forward into time
through progression therapy.
And let's talk about
the basic tenet
of what has to happen to
be able for us to hook up
with, to connect with,
our super-conscious,
our higher self.
And then, thus, access
these other timelines.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, we're
dealing with-- first,
hypnosis is a natural
daydream state
that we go through for four
hours during the waking
day and three hours at
night when we dream.
Driving on the freeway, not
remembering all the exits
you pass by as you go to
and from home to office.
>>REGINA: Subconscious
doing the driving.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, your
subconscious is active.
And the defense mechanism
of the ego is put aside.
That's what hypnosis is,
it's a natural state.
We need it for life.
So absolutely we
have to go through.
It's perfectly safe.
So we do that for
seven hours a day.
Now, we're dealing
with the subconscious
mind with hypnosis,
so my approach here
is in addition to having a
subconscious, which is actually
quite imperfect-- people
have problems-- you also
have your adviser, the
perfect part of your soul,
which is called the higher self.
The technical term is
super-consciousness mind.
Plato named that
2,300 years ago.
Now, in connecting the
subconscious to the higher
self, there is a rule of
thumb, a universal law that
says you can never
lower the soul's energy.
So the higher self is never
going to be compromised.
But because you're exposed
to a higher form of energy,
you can now raise the energy of
the subconscious mind or soul.
And therefore, grow spiritually.
At the same time,
the higher self
is your gatekeeper
or your librarian
to the akashic records.
It's how you get past and
future life information,
or about parallel lives.
I call that para-regression,
interestingly enough.
So the higher self is what
you want to hook up into.
Anybody gets any spiritual
or any psychic information,
the higher self is
always relevant.
So the question is the more you
connect with the higher self,
the more you're going to
have these experiences
and the more you're
going to benefit by them.
>>REGINA: And I
have to say you do
a beautiful job in your
books of giving really
hands-on information as to how
people can begin doing that.
They don't necessarily
all have access to you,
but people can begin
doing this by themselves.
>>GOLDBERG: Each of the books
has dozens of exercises.
And of course, my
home page website
has access to CDs and
other things they can do.
But remember, all
hypnosis is self-hypnosis.
And I represent-- two
words, psychic empowerment.
The opposite of co-dependency.
I don't want people to be
co-dependent on me or anyone
else.
So I want people to take
charge of their life,
and that's what
this is all about.
>>REGINA: And when they're
with you personally,
you're just serving
as a facilitator
for their own self-hypnosis.
>>GOLDBERG: I like
to think of myself
as the social director
on the karma cruise ship.
>>REGINA: There you go.
>>GOLDBERG: I'm introducing
the subconscious
to the higher self.
>>REGINA: There you go.
And there are a lot
of misunderstandings
as you've just
touched on briefly.
There are a lot of
misunderstandings
about hypnosis.
The reality is people hear
about stories such as Manchurian
Candidates, MKUltra
mind ops projects.
This is a degree of
abuse and exploitation
that moves far
beyond any hypnosis.
>>GOLDBERG: Let's clarify.
Number one, hypnosis
is not dangerous.
We do it for--
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>GOLDBERG: --seven hours
a day or else we die.
Number two, it's
not brainwashing.
But let's talk about
MKUltra for a moment,
or the brain-washing techniques.
Manchurian candidates
is example.
In order to do that, you
have to deny the person sleep
for three weeks.
>>REGINA: That's right.
It's torture.
>>GOLDBERG: Give them
hallucinogenic drugs.
General anesthetics at least,
if not hallucinogenic drugs,
and then do hypnosis.
Hypnosis by itself may
help them stop smoking,
but it's not going
to brainwash them.
>>REGINA: Right.
And this is very different
than-- I'm just stating this.
As a matter of fact, this is
very different than hypnosis.
And I mean, in fact, this
is going totally tangential,
but it was such a sad,
sad thing to listen to.
There's a recording that
still exists of Sirhan Sirhan.
He was taken into hypnosis by a
well-known person at the time--
Southern California--
to start digging
into what was his
motivation for doing this.
There was nothing in the memory.
In fact, he kept
saying-- he was in tears.
He said, why would I
have done such a thing?
It's completely against
my religion, my beliefs,
and who I am.
So it shows how
deeply these torture
techniques, which are not to
be confused with hypnosis,
can be utilized for ill-purpose.
>>GOLDBERG: By the way, the best
hypnotist in the United States
is Madison Avenue.
>>REGINA: Boy, is it.
>>GOLDBERG: But
here's the thing.
You can never do anything
you don't normally do.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
And I was wondering that.
>>GOLDBERG: For example, I
don't drink any alcohol ever.
I watch football games.
I see the Swedish Bombardiers
coming down with the Budweiser
in the deserts.
It doesn't mean anything to me.
Yes, I like looking
at the women,
but I don't drink the beer.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
You don't drink the Kool-Aid.
>>GOLDBERG: The Kool-Aid.
Yes, Jim Jones, 1978.
>>REGINA: That's right.
So we're just going
to put that aside
that this is a natural
state and a deep--
>>GOLDBERG: And positive.
>>REGINA: And positive.
And deep, deep work can be done.
>>GOLDBERG: And
the danger is not
doing it, because
then people wind up
just living a
brain-dead life and just
repeating-- remember
what Einstein said.
If you do the same thing
over and over again
and you expect
different results,
that's the definition
of insanity.
>>REGINA: Yes.
OK now, people are able
to hook into timelines
that are beyond our
third-dimensional reality.
They can go to the deep
past, but they can also
go to the deep future.
And before we get into the
subjects of Egypt, Atlantis,
and Lemuria, I want to
brooch at this point
the subject of parallel
lives, realities,
universes because this is
going to play into those.
>>GOLDBERG: So we're going to
separate two different terms
here.
One is called parallel self
and then parallel life.
Now, a parallel life represents
an alternate universe.
I know they've watched
TV shows like "Fringe"
and some of the feature films,
but parallel universes actually
came out of Einstein's
theory of relativity
in 1957 in Princeton University,
which is the time travel
university if you
know the history.
Einstein was there,
Edward Witten, and others.
Hugh Everett III got his
PhD in quantum mechanics
on the many worlds
phenomena, which
established parallel
universes as a reality.
Mathematically-based.
And nobody has disavowed it yet.
So parallel universes means
that we have sister universes,
sister Earths in
infinite number.
Now, the people are the same.
Your genetics are
going to be the same.
If you were to see
your parallel self,
you would look exact-- you might
be a little heavier or a little
thinner depending
on your eating.
But the DNA is the same.
The only difference
are the events.
So here's an example.
I work with a young
woman, a young teenager.
I call her Tanya.
And she uses my techniques
which I described
in my "Custom Design Your
Own Destiny" approach.
She goes back and
she's doing a science
project or a project for school.
She has to write a term
paper on the year 1968.
A very volatile
year in our history.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: So she decides
to cheat a little bit
and use my techniques
to actually go back
there and see if
she can view it.
She does a regression, but
she goes back into 1968.
And in 1968, Robert F.
Kennedy was elected president,
was not assassinated.
There was no Watergate.
We were pulled out
of Vietnam by 1970.
The Soviet Union
collapsed by 1986
and the economic outlook of the
world was really quite bright.
Now, she was familiar with
my work and she realizes,
whoa, this is not my universe.
This is a sister universe.
So she comes back
to the present,
and then she goes downstairs
to her mother's-- a teenager
at home school.
Her mother's going to
prepare a snack for her.
And the mother is acting
very differently than the way
her mother acts.
So she realized she's still in
the same parallel universe that
had Robert F.
Kennedy as president.
So she returned again,
started using my tapes again,
finally got back into
the proper universe.
Well then, she finally
sees her mother again.
She goes, where were
you all afternoon?
And she said, well,
I was beside myself.
I mean, what's she going to say?
That was a parallel universe.
Now, those are
parallel universes.
They do exist.
There's an infinite number.
My research shows there
are five major categories
and there's an infinite
number under each category.
So if you have a terrible
present right now and terrible
future, it's only one option.
You can actually be
trained to switch paths
into your ideal path.
>>REGINA: OK, now let me
ask you a question here
because anyone skeptical
will be wondering this.
What is to say that that
woman and others like
her weren't idealizing an
alternative outcome rather
than experiencing
a parallel reality?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, the math
is correct in the sense
that we know parallel
universes exist
thanks to Hugh
Everett and Einstein.
Number two is you can't
prove a negative here.
Obviously, I can't prove that
Robert F. Kennedy was alive.
But any theoretical
physicist will tell you
that, yeah, every
option is out there.
In parallel
universes, the British
win the American
Revolutionary War.
And Joshua is
defeated in his battle
and there's no
monotheistic religions.
I mean, there's all kinds
of options out there.
So you can't really
prove that because it's
a parallel universe and
you can't bring a tape
recorder with you or
a camera to do it.
But mathematically
and theoretically,
there's no argument
in the field.
>>REGINA: So let me
ask you this then,
is the hallmark of that
kind of experience,
as it is-- and I've been
through many regressions, as is
regression work going into
deep, deep past for exploration.
To me, those experiences
are not only as real, maybe
even more real than
being in the moment.
Everything is so
clear are visceral.
>>GOLDBERG: But you
can't document them.
If you go back--
>>REGINA: You can't.
>>GOLDBERG: --20,000
BC, you can't document.
There's the problem.
>>REGINA: You cannot
document them.
The point is they have
that kind of crystal
clarity and visceral engagement.
Is it the same with
people who report
these parallel realities?
>>GOLDBERG: Yes.
In fact, even more extreme
because they can identify.
You can actually-- let me give
you a case history example.
So we'll deal with
parallel universes.
Here's an example of
a woman I worked with.
She was from Detroit, Michigan.
And she was having
a terrible life--
arguing with her husband,
hated the weather,
wanted to get out of it.
And they wanted to
move to Florida, OK?
So she does some progressions
and she finds out
that if she's on a
certain path, she
goes five or six
years into the future,
everything is going to be good.
She's going to be
living in Florida.
The husband's going to
get a consulting job.
She's going to
have-- everything's
going to be fine, OK?
Whereas right now,
everything isn't.
The only problem with
that is that before she
moves to Florida, she's downtown
in Detroit doing shopping.
She gets shot and killed
one Saturday night
by a drive-by gang-banger.
So she goes, well,
that's not the future
I want to see doctor.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: And I said, OK.
So we do the other options.
OK, so now years go by.
She calls me.
And it's about maybe
eight years later.
And she said, doctor,
I have to update you.
And I said, sure.
What's going on?
She says, well, my husband
and I moved to Florida.
He got his consulting
assignment, et cetera.
There are certain differencecs
in the future that I
was killed, but
obviously I'm alive.
But I want you to know that I
kept in touch with my hometown
because I'm from Detroit,
and her family's there.
Parents and stuff are there.
And she goes, I used
to get the paper.
And remember that day that
I was supposed to get shot
and killed in downtown
Detroit on Saturday night?
And she goes, yeah.
Somebody else was
shot and killed
at the exact same intersection.
>>REGINA: Wow.
>>GOLDBERG: How's that?
So we're talking--
>>REGINA: Well, that
is really indicating
something that's real.
And in our last
conversation, you
talked about another
client of yours who said,
doctor, doctor,
what should I do?
I'm booked on a flight
for Europe and I saw--
>>GOLDBERG: TWA Flight 800.
>>REGINA: Flight 800
is going to go down.
Meaning that event has
already occurred somewhere.
That event is a reality.
Pre-cognition has to be
tapping into something
of an alternative nature and
a reality that exists, right?
>>GOLDBERG: Think of the
soul as a light beam.
We can split a light
beam by putting an object
in front of it.
Every parallel
universe has your soul.
And also, access to
your higher self.
The difference is the events.
So if somebody has
an incurable disease,
or they've lost an arm, or
they've lost loved ones,
or they've lost pets.
There's a whole
bunch of factors.
And there's nothing
they can do about it.
Well, there is something
They can switch paths
into another universe
where that didn't happen.
And that's what I work with.
I call this the
new you technique.
And that's what I've done this.
Now, I've done this myself.
I did this way back
in the early '90s
when I was working on
a TV project with CBS
doing a movie for television.
And the writer said,
you know something?
I was authorized
to do treatments,
but they're not
going to film it.
And I said, I'll fix it.
He says what are
you going to do?
They don't want
to hear from you.
And I said, I'm not going
to contact them directly.
He goes, oh, you're going to use
one of your weird techniques,
right?
Well, all I know is
not just the fact
that the movie aired on May 17,
1994, "The Search for Grace."
But many other things
many years in the future
from that that
affected me personally
that I had no control
over also occurred.
So I switched paths.
I'm not on the path
I was 20 years ago.
I'm in a different path.
A very good one, granted.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: That's
how I meet you, right?
But anyone can do this.
That's parallel lives.
Now, let's separate another
concept which is even stranger.
This is called parallel selves.
Remember we had the soul?
Now, the soul is going to
be occupying the same DNA
body in parallel universes.
But in the current universe
that we're in right now,
your current world that
you have around you,
your soul can occupy more
than one body at one time.
These are going to be different
people, different DNA.
>>REGINA: This is a really
hard one for people to take.
>>GOLDBERG: I know,
but it's real.
And these are called
parallel selves.
So here's an example
of a case I report
in my "Exploring the
Fifth Dimension" book
of Charles and Winchester.
Charles and Winchester
are two people.
Charles is an academic, five
foot eight, blonde hair,
wears little glasses.
Very academic-- a Walter Mitty
type, very meek and mild.
He lives on the East Coast.
Across the country
he's got a cousin.
I call her Jeanine.
He hasn't seen her for a while.
Now, he describes
a par-- he wants
to go into the past
lives and future lives.
But instead, he does what
we call a para-regression
and he describes a man by
the name of Winchester who
is a red-necky, six
foot five, wears
plaids, drives a pickup truck.
>>REGINA: It's
not his alter-ego?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, OK.
But it's something that
he's very embarrassed.
He says, if this is me, then
I-- I don't want anything
to do with this guy.
With all due respect,
we're the opposite.
I said, OK, this is
called a para-regression.
This is a parallel self.
I says, don't worry about it.
You're probably never
going to meet him.
So don't worry about it.
OK.
So he says, all right.
So now what happens
is a few weeks later,
he doesn't tell anybody
about Winchester.
He's very embarrassed by him.
And of course, I'm not going
to tell anyone, obviously.
So now, a couple of weeks later,
Jeanine on the West Coast--
she lives in California.
She's driving home from a
business trip she was on.
Her car gets stuck
in the desert.
A guy pulls up in a pickup
truck and he says, ma'am,
can I help ya?
And she says, yes.
And I guess her
cellphone wasn't working.
She couldn't get help.
So he says, I can help you.
So he's going to fix the
car and fix the flat tire.
And he does his thing.
He's six foot five,
wearing plaid, red hair.
And she says, who do I thank?
How do I thank you?
He says, my name is Winchester.
Now, she also felt very close
to this guy, like she knew him.
>>REGINA: Isn't that amazing?
>>GOLDBERG: This is
Charles' parallel self.
So people can feel
freaky about it.
And we do-- theoretically,
the average person
is going to have a
million of these.
But you know they say
that every person has
an exact double
somewhere in the world?
Well, that's fine for genetics.
But this is different.
This is the soul.
So we do have parallel
selves, and we
do occupy more than
one body at one time.
The reason being is
because we trace our souls
back to what we call
common oversouls.
So Winchester and
Charles can trace them
back to a common--
we call a subsoul.
That subsoul can trace
back to another subsoul.
And eventually it goes
back to an oversoul.
People use this concept
when they meet soulmates.
Twin flames, so to speak.
People from the same
oversoul concept
that eventually hook
up in a relationship,
and it's an ideal relationship.
>>REGINA: And also in family
and among friends as well.
And I have this exact same
dynamic-- my son Stuart
and I have the exact same
predilections in life.
I mean, if I wake up and I'm
in a mood to make a spicy chili
soup, I'll find out he just
made one that same morning.
We'll get a speeding
ticket across the country
from each other
the same morning.
>>GOLDBERG: Now
see, mathematically
the odds against that happening,
the standard deviation
and the permutations are
like a zillion to one.
>>REGINA: I know.
I've always wondered.
And numerologically,
we match up in that
we're in the exact same day
cycle our entire lifetimes,
both of our lifetimes.
But it's pretty
freaky when you're
getting down to actual--
even down to certain thoughts
that we're having and plans.
And I've always wondered,
what's up with that?
>>GOLDBERG: To me, that would
be very red flag or classical
of a parallel self experience.
I can't prove it.
You can't prove these.
>>REGINA: I'm going to
have to go meditate on that
and think about it.
And I'll talk to
him about it, too.
Let him meditate about it.
>>GOLDBERG: But the
point is, is that
for the benefit
of the universe--
remember, as we go along in our
civilization and development
technologically, eventually
there's a classification
called a type
three civilization,
which is about 2,500
years in the future.
That means we're
going to harness
the energy of the entire galaxy.
Now, when we do that,
parallel universes
are going to be a given.
Time travel is
going to be a given.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: So let's say the
Earth is going to be exploding
or it's going to be devoid
of our raw materials.
We have to get out of here.
We have to terraform
and get out of here.
But it's too late.
Or the universe
that we're living in
is going to have a real problem.
Black holes, whatever.
By that time-- our
humans, we will
be able to go right into
the parallel universes
and go across the galaxy
or go into a completely
different mentality
dimensionally.
Parallel universes are
the fifth dimension--
where we would avoid all
the problems that occur.
Just like right now, my parallel
life in 1995-- 6, 7, or 8
and the universe that I left,
things could be good or bad.
I have nothing to do with it.
It doesn't affect me at all.
One has nothing to
do with the other.
So they're very separate
but equal as we say.
>>REGINA: And this also starts
getting into the realm--
so I assume that the oversoul
just gives itself perpetually
more experience--
>>GOLDBERG: Right.
That's how you learn.
>>REGINA: --to gather and
come back and bring back
into the highest aspect
of self by doing this.
>>GOLDBERG: It's like
franchising yourself.
>>REGINA: Like
Now, this gets into
the long-held question
which is, how, if there
are only so many souls,
do you have an exploding
population on this planet?
And that's something that
many, many people have asked.
You're saying the oversoul
notion answers that?
>>GOLDBERG: Right.
First of all, you have to
understand there are no virgin
souls, which means that every
soul that's-- there's 7-plus
billion people on the Earth.
Every one of those souls--
they're occupying a human body.
But look at the souls.
You trace them back.
You're going to find
they had past lives.
The average person
out there has had
at least a thousand past lives.
They don't remember them.
They're not gong to get
those regressed because who's
going to do a
thousand regressions?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: And
then we're talking
about parallel universes, too.
OK, so how do you explain
the world's population?
They say, what--
2,000 years ago there
might have been 20 million
people on the Earth.
Now there's 7 billion.
If you take one oversoul and
you split it three times so
it occupies three
different bodies,
so it can learn more lessons.
And then each of those
three occupy three more.
This is called a
geometric progression.
So 1 becomes 3, becomes
9, becomes-- eventually,
blah, blah, blah.
After 13 generations,
one oversoul
will occupy over
1.5 million bodies.
It's not difficult to get
7 billion in 2,000 years
from 20 million, or whatever
the population was then.
So that's how we explain it.
And remember, this also fits
into the parallel selves.
It also fits in to the
concepts of soul mates.
Again, we're all mutts.
There's no pure--
>>REGINA: Well, maybe that
also falls into the notion
that now so many people you
meet, it's like, I know you.
Jeez, where do I know you from?
It's like you've already
met almost everybody
that you come in any kind
of personal contact--
real personal contact.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, you may have
met them in the past, though.
You may have met
them in past lives.
>>REGINA: Either way.
>>GOLDBERG: Or you
may have met them just
from this genetic
little paradigm.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
But everything's seeming
very familiar now.
>>GOLDBERG: Right.
Whereas, statistically, it's
very odd for that to happen.
Because of 7 billion
people on the Earth,
you shouldn't identify
with anyone, actually,
when you think of it.
The numbers are too great.
>>REGINA: OK.
Let's take all
this, this portrait
that we have now painted,
and we'll take a soul back.
And I want to start having
you reflect back to us
what your clients, your hypnosis
clients, in their regressions
have experienced.
Let's go back to
Lemurian times first.
Talk about it in terms
of the continent,
the location, the nature
of the life, the beings,
and case histories.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
First, you have to understand,
5 million years ago,
the Aliran ET group came to this
planet, and they were nasty.
They were trying to take over
the planet and this and that.
So if it wasn't for the
Syrians, another ET group--
they were our protectors.
So there was a lot of fights
going on, going on, going on.
Now eventually, Lemuria
is about 200,000 BC.
Lemuria was almost
like a perfect society.
They were very spiritual.
The basic group is
called the Aseens,
that actually were genetically
related to the Syrians.
Now, there was a
lot of interbreeding
involved with the ETs.
The Alirians and
Syrians interbred.
They interbred with humans.
So remember, it's
a big mush here.
But let's just go
with the Lemurians.
So 200,000 BC.
They're the only civilized or
major technologically-advanced
society on the planet.
And they decided about 100,000
years into their civilizations,
now 100,000 BC, they decide
to expand their colony,
so to speak, to
establish colonies.
Their main colony was Atlantis
in the Atlantic Ocean.
Lemuria was in the Pacific.
A very large continent, 3,000
miles across, 64 million
inhabitants.
Where Hawaii right
now is the center
of where Lemuria was if you
look at it from point of view.
So Atlantis was established
by-- the main people
there were the Atlantees.
Now, the Atlantees were
different than the Aseens.
The Atlantees were more
lyran in their mentality--
militaristic, greedy, selfish.
Some of them were spiritual,
but they had problems.
So Atlantis was established
as the main colony,
and then they had-- they
were OK for a while,
but then all of a
sudden, Atlantis
started getting greedy.
And they started warring,
committing war on Lemuria.
For example, the Rama
Empire of Ancient India.
India was another major colony.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: You had the
Rama Empire, 25,000 BC.
Nuclear wars-- the
Mahabarata, the epic poem
from the East Indians, it's part
of their religious scriptures.
They talk about the elephants
vaporizing and the sonic booms.
These are all nuclear
explosions that they should not
know about.
They also had aircrafts.
They had the manas
of the Indians.
And they had the valix
of the Atlanteans.
So you had nuclear wars
that were depicted.
So what they also did-- so
Atlantis and Lemuria competed
over Egypt.
This is very interesting.
>>REGINA: So you're
saying at this point
that Lemuria and Atlantis, or
the early stages of Atlantis,
were concurrent?
>>GOLDBERG: Yes.
Oh, yes.
>>REGINA: Yes.
OK.
>>GOLDBERG: Now,
Lemuria was first.
But by 100,000 BC,
you now have Atlantis.
>>REGINA: OK.
So they overlapped?
>>GOLDBERG: They overlapped.
You don't have your first
cataclysms until about 50,000
BC when they both went down for
the first time, at least parts
of them.
And then, the second one
was 26,000 BC, give or take.
And then the third one, the
last one where they sunk,
period, was about 11,000 BC.
But we're talking
about before that.
Now, when it comes
to Egypt now, they
decided around 30,000
or so BC-- this
was after the first cataclysm.
They decided to set
up a colony in Egypt.
And they wanted to use that
as their real primer colony.
So what happens is
the northern part,
which is called Lower Egypt,
because the Nile flows
from South to North.
So Lower Egypt is Cairo today.
That was settled by Atlantis.
The southern part, which
is called Upper Egypt
by Egyptologists--
of course, the Nile
is where the base
of it is-- that was
settled by the Lemurians.
So what you had was two
completely different societies
there.
>>REGINA: And we're going to get
into how that expressed itself.
But I want to go
back for a moment
and talk about the people
that are going back
into the Lemurian
times, and then we'll
follow this whole thread that
you've just nicely laid out.
What was life like in
the Lemurian times?
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
They had temples of
wisdom where they
were very scholarly and
teaching spiritual techniques.
Their basic religion
was reincarnation.
There was a
monotheistic religion.
They had temples of healing
where they could heal people
by energy, crystal healing,
which Atlantis eventually
copied.
People were just walking around.
They looked like
spiritual beings
walking around with togas.
They had animal life there.
This is a large continent,
the size of the United States.
But beautiful rivers.
And their architecture,
their masons
were brilliant in the
way they constructed
their temples,
beautiful temples.
And people had a
really good life.
And they could do
what they wanted.
There was no real crime, per se.
>>REGINA: This was before
the warring factions?
>>GOLDBERG: This is
before 100,000 BC.
>>REGINA: And a
lot of people had
their abilities still intact.
>>GOLDBERG: Psychic abilities.
>>REGINA: Psychic abilities.
>>GOLDBERG: Oh, yeah.
They were empaths.
They were psychic.
Telepathic communication
was a given there.
Very healthy.
They lived long--
>>REGINA: Long lives.
>>GOLDBERG: --periods of time.
Long lives, OK?
So we're talking about
a pretty ideal society.
>>REGINA: Now, where does the
genetic engineering come in
from what you have seen?
>>GOLDBERG: OK, well
remember, Lemurians
are also genetically interacted.
To form them, you also had
the Syrians, and the Leerans,
and who knows what else?
There's about 300 ET groups
that have been on this planet.
So we know there's
a big mush here.
But apparently, the
Syrians were more dominant
because they were
far more spiritual.
Remember, the Syrians
were symbolized
by the dogs and the serpents.
>>REGINA: And the Dogon
tribe still honors them, yes.
>>GOLDBERG: And the
Dogon tribe, right.
Of course.
Remember, they observed
the moons, et cetera.
>>REGINA: That's right.
>>GOLDBERG: That the
astronomers didn't
know until many
hundreds of years later.
The Leerans were
more experienced
with the cats and the
birds, like the idea
of the Phoenix, the ancient
bird that dies and rises
from its ashes every 500 years,
the symbol of reincarnation.
That's a Leeran symbol,
interesting enough.
>>REGINA: And there were
massive birds back then.
>>GOLDBERG: Yes, there were.
And very large birds.
>>REGINA: Yes, massive.
>>GOLDBERG: They were like
8 feet tall and eating us.
They had red hair, too.
And they were a very
violent species.
They eventually gave rise
more to the Atlantees
because they were greedy and
selfish and militaristic.
We always associate Atlantis
with very-- like Ancient Rome.
Very militaristic,
very hard-nosed.
Although, they had a
spiritual component too.
>>REGINA: But it was also
a very ideal side as well.
>>GOLDBERG: They also
had parts that are ideal,
but they had the
military component.
It's almost like watching
a "Planet of the Apes"
where the gorillas
are the bad guys
and the chimpanzees
are the spiritual ones.
But unfortunately, the
Atlantees dominated.
And therefore, they
actually declared war
because they didn't
like the Lemurians being
the spiritual leaders and they
were jealous of their power,
and their land, and
everything else they had.
So the Atlantees settled in
the Mayan civilization, more
of the Western hemisphere,
as well of course, Egypt,
the northern part of Egypt.
The Lemurians were
more into India,
and parts of South America,
and the various-- Australian,
the Aborigines, those
were Lemurians bases.
So basically you had the
wars that would exist.
Now, the biggest one
was, of course, in Egypt.
Because now there was a
vying for power in Egypt.
And Egypt had two major
components, the northern part,
which was Atlantean,
the southern part, which
was Lemurian.
Eventually, you had time
travelers from our future,
chrononauts that we discussed
a little bit last time.
They actually came in and
actually made the peace.
So this is what happens.
The man who developed time
travel was a man named Taatos,
that's T-A-A-T--
>>REGINA: In the future?
>>GOLDBERG: In the future.
3050 AD, 31st century.
T-A-A-T-O-S is how
you spell Taatos.
So he has a team.
The government approves
him, of course.
He's doing research
for the government.
He says, OK, you've
got this time travel.
How did we first
establish time travel?
First, they send back
holograms into the past.
Remember the Greek oracles, how
they'd read these holograms?
That was time-traveler
mentality.
Then they sent small objects
back and small animals.
And then eventually,
Taatos and his team.
So what did his team consist of?
Geb, Horace, Osiris and Isis.
Those are all Egyptian
gods, as well as Taatos.
Taatos was Thoth, actually.
He's pictured as Thoth
or Hermes by the Greeks.
That's Taatos.
Because he was a brilliant guy,
like the Da Vinci of his time.
They go back into Egypt and
they establish themselves.
Of course, they're going
to be Egyptian gods,
they're coming in in crafts.
They're teleporting.
They're doing all
kinds of things
that these guys
couldn't relate to.
They're also dealing
with the enemies,
meaning the Atlantees who
are really, really nasty.
The Lemurians welcomed them,
but the Atlantees didn't.
They became pharaohs.
They didn't really want
to become pharaohs,
but they had to to control it.
The problem was there
were too many problems.
Two wars going at each
other, two cultures
going at each other.
So in 3100 BC, give or take
a few years, Egyptologists
will tell you Egypt was
unified as the first state.
Now, this is what happened.
You had the northern people.
They had 500 gods.
The southern ones had 500 gods.
They were polytheistic
like you wouldn't believe.
How do you unify people
without killing each other?
Because they hate each other.
They were different people.
So this is where the concept
of hell was developed.
In my "Egypt" book I talk about
in details how in 3100 BC,
the mystery school priests
from northern and southern part
of Egypt-- upper and
lower as we call them--
they got together
and said, look,
we're going to form a state.
How do we control the masses?
Now we have 1,000 gods.
So they created one
new god to do it.
Ra was the main god.
Ra, the sun god.
Every culture worshiped the sun.
So because the Egyptian
mystery school priests
were experts in going
out of the body--
if you read the Egyptian
"Book of the Dead," the oldest
religious book in
the world, it's
chock full of out
of body experiences.
And so therefore,
when they would go out
of the body-- of course,
these were nasty people.
These mystery school priests,
these weren't time travelers.
These were just politicians.
And they were nasty.
So they would go to
the lower astral plane
because that's--
when you're nasty,
that's where you go
most of the time.
They called that hell.
And then they would go to the
upper astral plane-- not heaven
or nirvana, but to the upper
astral, which is a dimension.
It's much more positive.
Very, very positive.
They called that heaven.
So basically, they
just created hell.
>>REGINA: Now you can
control the masses with fear.
>>GOLDBERG: With fear.
Now, you got to have a god.
You can't just have hell.
So who is the god?
They called it Apophis.
Apophis was the serpent.
Remember, they got mentality,
the garden of Eden thing.
And then, he lives
in the fires of hell.
That's a direct quote from the
Egyptian "Book of the Dead."
There was a book
that was written
in 1964, a scholarly book
by this guy named Hupert.
And I quoted him
in my Egypt book
to show that before
3100 BC-- they've
done the research-- not one
culture, not one civilization,
nothing across the world ever
mentioned the hell or devil.
Not until 3100 BC.
And then of course,
because of Egypt
being the source of
eventually Moses and Israel
and the Jewish
religion, and then
Islamic religion
being a kick-off
of the other two, especially
the Jewish religion.
So in other words,
all this idea of hell
distributed because it
was used successfully
to scare people into--
>>REGINA: So it was distributed
across all of the religions?
>>GOLDBERG: Right.
But invented, made up.
>>REGINA: Invented.
>>GOLDBERG: Just made up by
the Egyptian mystery school
priests.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, we're in-- so we've kind
of skipped past the lifestyle
of Atlantis, but--
>>GOLDBERG: Atlantis was
basically similar to Lemuria,
except it was controlled
more by the military.
>>REGINA: Militarized.
>>GOLDBERG: They had
their beautiful gardens.
It was a smaller
continent, of course.
It was a much smaller area.
But they had their mastodons.
They had their
beautiful animals.
They did science.
They had temples of healing.
They had the crystals.
They used the crystals
for energy sources.
So it was like Lemuria.
They had temples of wisdom
and temples of healing, too.
The difference was
the basic angst
of the society was much more
materialistic, much more
greedy, and much
more militaristically
controlled versus Lemuria.
That was the only difference.
>>REGINA: One woman
I know who was
very adept at going into
past and future lifetimes
was recalling one
time in Atlantis
where the people were scattering
to run under trees and canopy
because they were being
attacked from the air.
And this again, reflecting
the militarization
that you're talking about.
Now, when Dolores Cannon
talks about it with the people
that she's regressed, one story
that keeps coming up a lot
are the genetic experiments
that were happening
between cross
species so to speak,
which gives way to a lot of the
lore that was later passed down
of these half-animal
and half-human people.
Can you talk a
little bit about that
so we can see where
those legends came from?
>>GOLDBERG: It's like "The
Island of Doctor Moreau"
here mentality.
Lemuria wasn't doing
that, but Atlantis was.
I told you, Atlantis
had a problem.
They had people that
were very greedy.
And it's sort of like the
Nazis during World War II
doing genetic
experiments and trying
to create the super-race,
that kind of thing.
Except they were doing
it with different animals
and cross-breeding.
And they were
violating a lot of laws
of nature, which was one of
the problems where the energy
levels among Atlantis was like,
you guys have-- you just broke
too many rules.
They had nuclear power, so
they were doing experiments
with nuclear power,
atomic power.
Both Atlantis and Lemuria
were above gas belts.
And the reasons why they
both eventually collapsed
in three different
major occasions
is because the gas
belt simply exploded.
Now, why they
exploded is debated.
We feel that it was not just
negative energy of the universe
because they violated
universal laws.
But we also feel that
there were comets.
There were pole shifts.
And there were, of
course, the experiments
with atomic power that would
cause major problems-- sort
of like if you're above--
if you're living on the San
Andreas fault, you better
be prepared for earthquakes
because you've
going to get them.
Or you live in Hawaii
or Japan-- islands.
They get earthquakes
all the time.
So we feel it's a combination.
But there were
geophysical events.
There were pole shifts.
There were comets.
There were other things that
could have also facilitated it.
And it wouldn't be difficult
to decompose or just destroy
a continent.
But especially if
you're above a gas belt.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: And
that theory-- why
it was laughed at and
mocked many years ago,
about 50 years ago.
Recently, in the last 10 years,
geologists and geophysicists
have confirmed the
gas belt theory.
So they're not going to say
Atlantis and Lemuria existed,
but they're going to
say the theory behind
it is quite sound.
>>REGINA: So the
knowledge and technologies
and such-- some of
them, not a lot.
But some of them
actually then were
preserved in the
upper days of Egypt,
when we're going back
30,000, 35,000 years ago.
Now, John Anthony West
will say that he believes
some of the ancient
monuments that
are very well-known,
such as the Sphinx,
may date back as
far as 35,000 years.
Now, this is more
or less in alignment
with what you're saying
with the establishment.
>>GOLDBERG: Sure.
We have to understand
that, first of all,
Tibet was also a
location where they
would keep the secret knowledge.
The crystals of
Atlantis, they would
have certain compartments.
You know how we found
The Dead Sea Scrolls
and they were preserved in
these vases in the caves
because they preserved
in the desert?
They did preserve
the knowledge or else
we would all be
very primitive now.
We wouldn't have any of the
technology we have today.
So Tibet was another location.
But at the same time,
because the Sphinx represents
the body of a lion, people
go back and they say,
well, 11,000 BC--
>>REGINA: Leo.
>>GOLDBERG: --and this and that.
Well, in reality, there were
too man things going on then.
That wouldn't be relevant.
But if you go back
to about 35,000--
if you trace all the
astrological periods,
they average about
2,000 years per sign.
If you go all the way
back, 24,000 and add 11,
that's 35,000 BC.
That's more likely.
The problem is
some of the people
in the field don't
like to hear that.
Because the 10,500
BC or 11,000 BC
gets so much press in so many
books and so many scholars--
or at least what people
think are scholars--
that when you go back 35,000,
they say, my goodness.
But here's the thing.
The kings list that
we get from Egypt
came from a man named Manetho.
Most of it came from Manetho.
He was a scholar in the third
century BC in Heliopolis.
Well, guess what?
He talks about Zep Tepi.
Zep Tepi is the first time.
And that's 35,000 BC.
They do the numbers on that.
People say, oh, he's ridiculous.
Meanwhile, you accept
his kings list,
which has been corroborated
by independent sources.
>>REGINA: Yes, it has.
>>GOLDBERG: But now
you're making fun of him
because he's talking about
something that just because you
can't believe in it.
You can't prove it.
It's before the
flood, so we don't
have any evidence of that.
But Zep Tepi was about the time
of the Leo constellation, which
would be about 35,000 BC.
So West is most likely
right, and I agree with him.
>>REGINA: He is.
And very few Egyptologists
will step out on that limb.
We know Robert Chalk has
done some wonderful work just
looking at the water erosion.
And he's putting it back to
between 10,000 and 12,000 years
now.
>>GOLDBERG: Which again,
goes against history.
Because history says 4,500
years ago, blah, blah, blah.
Anybody can put their
name on a monument.
I can put my name on the
Empire State Building
and say I built it.
And somebody in the
future may say, oh,
it's Dr. Goldberg's
monument to himself.
But it wasn't.
So basically, that's the
mentality involved here.
Now, in addition to
this, in ancient times
Lemuria also is very big on
teleportation experiments.
So I want to talk a little
bit about teleportation
to show you how people think.
It's not just Star Trek
with the little sparkles.
>>REGINA: And that
is represented
in some of the
hieroglyphics in Egypt.
>>GOLDBERG: Yes, it is.
>>REGINA: So follow through.
>>GOLDBERG: In
Abydos, you're going
to have both a
helicopter, two UFOs,
and a stealth jet represented.
And this was done in what's
called the Ptolemy Era, which
is 300 BC to 30 BC.
Nobody argues about the dates
when these carvings were done.
There's also one in Dendera
which shows actual electricity.
Not only that, but there's
a very significant depiction
on a wall carving in Dendera,
which is by Cairo, showing--
it looks like Crookes tubes.
Two pillars that look like
Crookes tubes, a Van de Graaff
generator, rated cables,
which is electricity.
Any electrical engineer
would tell you that.
But the Crookes tubes
is a preliminary
or a predecessor to television.
So not only does it show
electricity in Ancient Egypt.
Remember, they electroplated
their vases and their jewelry,
so they had knowledge
of electricity.
In order to build
the pyramid of Giza,
in order to get inside because
they didn't use torches.
There's no soot on the walls.
They had to have electrical--
had to have a lighting source.
So this is, conservatively,
it's lighting, electricity.
On the more extreme
level, Ancient Egypt
may have had television
because they had Crookes tubes.
Well, you won't
believe that unless you
find a "TV Guide" in the
hieroglyphics, I grant you.
But it does signify, definitely,
electricity in Ancient Egypt.
So those are examples.
And who have them
the technology?
Time travelers.
ETs somewhat, but
also time travelers.
So teleportation, let's
discuss that a little bit.
Because it's not
what you see on TV.
It's not like
sparkles in Star Trek.
Teleportation is
a technique that's
reported in ancient culture.
The East Indians reported it.
The Tibetans report it.
Many cultures report it.
It's actually quite possible.
In fact, I've done it myself
and I train people to do it.
It's not easy to do.
It's a very rare thing.
It's the hardest thing
to do in hypnosis.
But in teleportation,
what you do--
and you're separating it
from out of body experiences.
In teleportation,
the physical body
is moving from one
location to another.
An out of body
experience, it's the soul
that's traveling
in its astral body.
But the body stays the
same wherever you are.
But the soul travels.
And you can perceive
and this and that.
So here's an example of
a case I call Vivian.
She's reported in my "Exploring
the Fifth Dimension" book.
I trained Vivian
to do teleportation
because she was
interested in it.
It's a very difficult
technique, but she
had no experience in doing it.
Vivian is a woman who's got
a very abusive, physically
abusive boyfriend.
He's a real jerk.
He beats her up and she
can't end her relationship.
And that's one of the
things we're working on.
So I'm training her
to do teleportation.
And very synchronistically,
the following week
she's on the freeway with
her idiot boyfriend and he
gets into an argument with her.
And he opens up the passenger
door and throws her out.
Meanwhile, there's a car coming
in the opposite direction 75
miles an hour.
She's got a twisted ankle.
She can't run.
And all she thinks is the
post-hypnotic instruction
I gave her to do teleportation.
The next thing you
know, the car that's
going to hit her goes
right through her,
witnessed by the driver
as well as her boyfriend.
She, all of a sudden,
doesn't know what's going on.
And she's in her apartment
sitting on her couch
with a twisted ankle.
Her life was saved.
I didn't save her life, she did.
That's teleportation.
So I asked her, could you
describe what the teleportation
experience consists of?
And this is what she said.
This is a little quote
from my book here.
"It felt almost like I
was caught in a giant web.
Suddenly, the world exploded
into countless billions
of glowing threads.
They stretched away
in all directions
and they intersected
everything, including me.
The overall effect was
very similar to looking
at a hologram, except it was
visceral as well as visual.
You could see and feel the
image at the same time."
Now, I've had other patients
describe teleportation.
And there are documented
cases of teleportation
that survive the literature.
>>REGINA: And this explosion
into billions of bits
is a common theme?
>>GOLDBERG: And the threads.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
Now, here's an example of
the most documented case
of teleportation.
There are many cases,
and most of them
are British and Argentina cases
if you read the literature.
But here's the most
documented case.
We're going to go back
to 1593, Mexico City.
On the evening of
October 24, 1593,
a Spanish soldier-- now
you have to understand,
Spain owned Mexico.
They were colonial powers.
But the uniforms and the guns
in Spain, the European model,
was very different in Mexico.
So you would stand
out like a sore thumb
if you had a Spanish outfit.
A man's right in front
of the mayor's office--
the governor's, whatever.
He's right there.
A guy comes out.
The police come out and
they say, who are you?
He says, I couldn't do it.
It's not my fault.
They said, what's
not your fault?
He says, the governor
was murdered.
I was one of the guards.
I tried to save him
and I couldn't do it.
And they said, the
governor of who?
The governor's right up there.
He says, the governor of Manila.
That's one Don Gomez
Perez Dasmarinas.
And they said, you're loco.
They took him into jail
and they interrogated him.
They knew he was Spanish because
of the outfit and the gun.
He was interrogated
by the police.
Then they brought the
priest in to an exorcism
because in those days
that's what they did.
So now you had the historians
and the Catholic Church
acknowledging this guy.
They keep him in
jail for two months.
Two months later,
they send the ships
around the world to bring in
the news as well as supplies
because Spain owned Mexico.
Spanish ship comes
in into Mexico harbor
and they say-- the
guy says, you know,
we had this really-- oh, the
gentleman first on the ship
says to the local authorities,
he goes, you know,
the governor of
Manila was murdered.
And they said, really?
When?
He says, a couple of months ago.
He says, why don't you
come to the jail a minute.
We got somebody we
want you to see.
The man's name was Gil
Perez, the Spanish soldier
who was imprisoned.
He recognized him.
He said, he's one of the guards.
So in other words, how do
you get from Manila, which
is 9,000 miles away
from Mexico City,
and not only did he
go instantaneously,
he actually traveled
back in time
because the governor
was murdered
in the morning of the 25th.
So he traveled back in time
12 hours when he teleported.
That's the only
way you can do it.
>>REGINA: You know,
I had a friend--
this is 20 years ago or so--
who had just started opening up
into meditation
and these things.
And he was naturally very open.
And he called me up
very frightened one day.
He said, I've just had
the worst experience.
And what happened was
he was with his family
and they were on a
picnic on the front lawn.
And all of a sudden,
he lost awareness
of the current reality and
he was in a train wreck.
And everything was
helter skelter.
And people were screaming.
And he was living
this reality fully.
That was the day that Amtrak
had this disastrous train
wreck back East.
And he, somehow, was
living that reality.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, they could
call that clairvoyance,
but he's actually entering
the fabric of space-time
in the fifth dimension.
And you can observe any other
event past, present, or future.
>>REGINA: Right.
Yeah.
And he had gone into that.
>>GOLDBERG: Or parallel.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>GOLDBERG: Let me give
you another example,
show you how lives can be
saved by teleportation.
Two young girls are
going home from school.
They're about eight years old.
Brenda and Amy as I
call them in Texas.
And as they're walking
along the street going home,
all of a sudden a
teenager about 18,
19 years old dressed
in a blue tennis outfit
tackles them both.
And as she tackles
them, a drunken teenager
comes up the curb and would
have killed both the girls.
So all three of them are safe.
The teenager that saved their
life disappears instantly.
Now, the girls
think that-- who are
they going to tell
about this in Texas?
They're going to
burn you in effigy
if you talk about this, right?
So they just forget about it.
Now, I was able to work
with Amy years later.
And she told me that
when she was about 18,
senior in high school, just
graduating from high school,
she wanted to go
out to play tennis
with Brenda, her best friend.
So she goes to pick
her up to play tennis,
knocks on the door,
and Brenda answers
the door in a light
blue tennis outfit.
Exactly the same outfit that was
used in the previous experience
10 years prior to that.
And she goes-- Brenda
says, where are we?
She goes, what's the matter?
She goes, I just
blacked out and I
have no idea what's happened
for the last 20 minutes.
So Brenda blacked out,
teleported back in time
by 10 years, saved her
and her best friend,
and then disappeared back
into the space-time continuum,
back into 10 years ahead
when she was 19 years old.
So that's an example of--
>>REGINA: Absolutely
fascinating.
>>GOLDBERG: Of
actually, teleportation.
And these are real
experiences reported.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: I had
many cases of those.
When I was in the East
Coast years ago, I was--
it was between Christmas
and New Year's.
And it was very cold out.
I live in Baltimore.
And I remember my
favorite vacation
was going to Montego
Bay, Jamaica.
And I had three dogs at
the time, three schnauzers
at the time-- Karma,
Phoenix, and Alpha.
And I said, you know, I
have patients coming in.
It was a Sunday.
It was during the playoffs,
the football players.
And I said, I got patients
coming to tomorrow.
I just wish I was in
Montego Bay right now.
Well, the next thing-- I said
to myself, why don't I teleport?
So I changed into
my bathing suit.
Remember, the whole body goes.
And I have my little radio, my
Coppertone, my little sandals.
And I'm on the couch and the
dogs are looking at me like--
>>REGINA: Your little tote.
>>GOLDBERG: And
my little dogs are
looking at me like,
what's he doing?
>>REGINA: Toto.
>>GOLDBERG: Toto, yes.
Not in Kansas anymore, right?
Not in Baltimore anymore.
So the next thing I knew, I'm
on the beach in Montego Bay.
It's an isolated
part of the beach.
And there's a
brunette young woman.
She's probably a college
student on a towel.
And I'm only about
10 feet from her.
So I walk up to her
and I said, hello.
Would you mind if I
put my towel down?
She goes, where
did you come from?
You can't run very
fast on the beach.
She goes, this place
was isolated until just
like a second ago.
And I said, well, I
move kind of fast.
She goes, OK, put
your towel down.
So we're having
a good afternoon.
We're swimming and
relaxing and everything.
And she goes, how long
you going to be in town?
And I said, well,
my flight is going
to occur pretty
quickly, actually.
So the next thing
I know, I'm back
in Baltimore in my living room.
Now people say to
me, come on, Doctor.
>>REGINA: You're delusional.
>>GOLDBERG: You had an
out-of-body experience.
You had a dream, a
fantasy, whatever.
Or course, it was a
hot college student.
And I said, that's
all very fine.
Except I go up to--
into my living room,
I had a very full-length mirror.
My bathing suit was wet.
There was sand in my sneakers.
And most significantly,
I had a suntan.
Trust me, you don't get suntans
in Baltimore on December 28.
>>REGINA: That is wild.
I love it.
>>GOLDBERG: I've done everything
you can with hypnosis,
but you can't fantasize
or fake a suntan.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: The only
example is teleportation,
the T word as I call it.
So that's an example.
And like I say, it's
very difficult to do,
but people can do it.
The important thing is
that-- it's interesting,
when it's done,
it's not dangerous.
It can often help you
grow or save lives
as I gave a couple
of examples about.
So teleportation is
a real experience.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And we'll all be doing
in, what, 35,000 BC?
>>GOLDBERG: 35th century.
>>REGINA: Something like that.
>>GOLDBERG: Actually,
the 25th century
we're going to have
teleportation-- little places
in your home so you can
teleport around town.
So it's only 400 years.
>>REGINA: There you go.
So mine as well
get a jump on it.
So let's go back to
Egypt for a moment.
Because when you were talking
about these warring factions
that the country was really
split psychologically,
spiritually, and
in understanding--
>>GOLDBERG: Militarily, too.
>>REGINA: Militarily as well.
Now, this takes us into
the time also of Moses,
and into the time of Akhenaten.
And there are many
different suppositions.
People are trying to go
back into history and piece
together who Moses was.
Sir Laurence Gardner
thought maybe Moses
was either Akhenaten himself.
And others have said, maybe
even a brother of Akhenaten.
>>GOLDBERG: And Freud thought
he was Akhenaten, too.
>>REGINA: And Freud thought
But you're saying
something different.
Let's talk about the day, the
time, and what was going on.
>>GOLDBERG: This is
what Manetho tell us.
Manetho was a very
interesting scholar
because he gives us the
kings list corroborated.
He was a brilliant man.
And people can knock
him all you want to,
but I say yes until proven no.
He talks about Akhenaten.
He didn't know Akhenaten's name
because Akhenaten's records
were wiped out until we found
his work about 100 years ago
in Armana.
So he just calls him a different
name, but it's Akhenaten.
We all know it's Akhenaten.
He has a chief priest.
He's a scribe, a
scholar, but he's also
like a sergeant at
arms and a successor
should anything
happen to Akhenaten.
His name was Osiraseth,
named after Osiris.
Akhenaten, in the fifth
year of his reign,
says one god, Ra-Harakhte,
Ra the sun god.
So he says, Osiraseth, you
got to change your name.
And Osiris says, OK.
Of course, all the gods
were removed except Ra.
So he says, my
name is now Moses.
That's what Manetho gives us.
Now, Moses is not a Hebrew name.
It's an Egyptian name.
It actually means water bearer.
And there was Thutmosis.
There were many pharaohs
with Moses at the end.
>>REGINA: Many Moses.
>>GOLDBERG: So he becomes Moses.
Remember, Moses is just a
man, but a very brilliant man.
A scholar, a politician,
and a scribe.
He kept a lot of records.
They say he wrote the
five books of Moses.
Wrote at least three of
them, but not Deuteronomy.
Anyway, so what happens is
that Akhenaten is eventually--
in the 17th year of
his reign, he's killed.
So now Moses is his successor.
So Moses is now going
to be the pharaoh.
The ones in Memphis, the
northern part of the country,
they wanted
polytheism back again.
They hated Akhenaten.
They were the ones
who killed him.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
monotheism did not
serve the priests of the
day, and the pedagogs,
and the coffers of the temples.
>>GOLDBERG: Right,
self-interest.
>>REGINA: Very corrupt.
>>GOLDBERG: You're going to
get money from all the gods.
X number of dollars per god.
They had a thousand gods.
It adds up.
They declared war on Moses.
So now you have a Civil War.
You have Egypt in the middle,
Memphis being the center.
To the south, even
the Old Testament
says Moses had an
Ethiopian wife.
Well, that means that the
southern part, Ethiopia,
which is Somalia today,
would be his ally.
To the north of Egypt,
you have the Sinai Desert.
You had various tribes
there that were also
the ally of Moses and Akhenaten.
So Egypt is in the
middle, meaning Memphis.
They're polytheists.
So Moses sends an emissary.
He says, look, we're
in a Civil War.
No one's going to win this.
We're just going
to kill each other.
So I've got a suggestion.
I've got about 20,000,
25,000 people in Armana
that are my followers.
Let my people go.
You let us go to the Sinai
Desert and you can have Egypt.
And that deal was struck,
and that was the exodus.
And the exodus was
Moses, Egyptian Moses--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: His
followers, Egyptians,
going into the Sinai
Desert and eventually
winding up in Israel.
And there's no records of
Israel until the 12th century
BC when one of Ramesses II's
son-- his name is Merneptah--
wrote a stele that mentions
Israel for the first time.
There's no records of
Israel before that at all--
>>REGINA: And if
you're looking at DNA,
we're looking at the same--
>>GOLDBERG: Well, they
all have the same DNA.
Egyptian, Palestinian, a
Jew, they're all the same.
But here's the other thing.
Israel has about 17 neighbors.
And they all kept records.
Sumerians, the Canaanites, the
Hittites, all these people,
they all kept records of wars.
Not one of them ever
mentioned Israel
before the 12th century BC.
So if you have a great
empire, don't you
think somebody's going to put
it in their 6 o'clock news
segment?
So there's a problem with that.
But meanwhile, what I'm saying
is that I'm not the only one.
There are scholars.
What I'm giving you are
scholarly information
from Manetho and the history.
If you talk about the way
the exodus is reported
in the Old Testament,
which is not
a historical document
but a religious document,
they talk about 600,000 men.
If you add the
women and children,
you got a couple of million
people going across the desert.
The artifacts would be like
going to a $0.99 store sale.
They found very few artifacts.
Probably enough for
several thousand people
going across the
desert, but not what's
reported in the Old Testament.
So obviously, you can't
go by that connection.
So it was the Egyptians.
We know Akhenaten-- Amenhotep IV
changed his name to Akhenaten.
He created monotheism.
And the beat goes on here.
But don't forget, time
travelers are also around there.
>>REGINA: But interestingly,
they were under the influences
also of these time
travelers-- Osiris, Isis,
Horace of the Horizon--
>>GOLDBERG: Taatos
was the main one.
>>REGINA: And Taatos.
I mean, that to me is a
really interesting part
of this because people
say, what were the gods?
Where were they from?
So you're saying they were
simply from the future?
>>GOLDBERG: Here's an example.
And this is where
people, they criticize me
about the racial issue.
And let's clear it right now.
They say, how come all
your human time travelers,
they're always white,
blonde-haired, blue-eyed,
like a Malibu surfer?
Well, they had dark skin races.
They had black races.
They had Native American.
You have mixture, Hispanic
races in the future.
Of course you do.
The problem is when they send
the dark-skinned people back,
the primitive people
would kill them.
They worshipped the
blonde Caucasian.
>>REGINA: I see.
So they were in
danger of coming back.
>>GOLDBERG: You see this today.
Ancient cultures, there are
statues of Osiris and Isis
in Ancient Egypt
in the Sphinx that
show a blonde, blue-eyed
Caucasian race.
Egyptians look like
Egyptians today back then.
So where did we get the blonde,
blue-eyed Caucasian race from?
>>REGINA: So somehow, this
was elevated to a god status
through the-- maybe exposure to
these time travelers over time.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, look
at the technology.
Let's talk about
technology a minute.
One of the technologies
that the time travel has
is called the
intergalactic line healer.
And what this is-- it looks
like a pen flashlight.
So if you have a major
illness, they just go like this
and the illness disappears.
>>REGINA: Frequency, yep.
>>GOLDBERG: They can regenerate
lost limbs with this.
You don't think people would
call them gods for that?
They could resuscitate
a person who's
died if they catch
them within 24 hours.
>>REGINA: They can grow
food in arid lands.
>>GOLDBERG: So you're
going to be a god.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>GOLDBERG: They're
going to say you're
a god because you're
doing technology.
If you take an airplane and
land in a primitive area that
has no primitive-- people
have never seen that before.
They'll worship you.
They'll say, gods from the sky.
>>REGINA: And that's captured
in caves throughout the world.
You have ancient,
ancient cave art
of these-- yeah,
extraterrestrials.
>>GOLDBERG: Astronauts
are in there.
Astronauts.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>GOLDBERG: And ETs
are pictured in caves.
>>REGINA: So this is global.
It's not just in Egypt.
So I want to get to-- we have
about-- oh, maybe six, seven,
eight minutes left.
I want to talk about the
notion of soul groups.
Because oftentimes, people--
well, they do travel together.
But these experiences
that are happening now,
I'm seeing very specific
patterns of soul groups who
are coming back
together to reestablish
certain knowledge of the time,
bring back certain knowledge
from the future, perhaps.
Can you talk to us about this?
>>GOLDBERG: Sure.
Well, let's go back to
England in the 17th century.
You had what's called the
Invisible College was set up.
Isaac Newton,
Christopher Wren, Boyle--
these are guys who developed
gas laws, and mathematicians.
And Isaac Newton, of
course, discovered calculus.
Although, there's a
debate about that.
But he was a pretty bright guy.
Newtonian laws are
still relevant.
They said that they apparently
had control or access
to knowledge that they felt
society wasn't ready for.
So they released it like
a contact time capsule.
When you're ready for it.
So that's always been around,
not just during the Invisible
College in England.
There's apparently an
Invisible College today.
So what happens
is in soul groups,
you have two kinds
of soul groups.
You have people who reincarnate,
like you and your son,
and people and their families.
Every dozen lives
you change groups.
You learn from people
or you prevent yourself
from being victimized
if that's the issue.
Those are soul groups
on the average person.
But the other soul groups that
I believe you're referring to
are the more
esoteric ones, where
they're giving more
knowledge of not just
technology but spiritual growth.
That's how you get
all these-- it all
comes from again, an Armanan
society, from Lemuria.
Their main Bible was the seven
sacred writings of Lemuria.
This seven sacred inspired
writings is what it was called.
And these were like
a seven-volume set
that eventually became the
base of the Egyptian "Book
of the Dead," parts
of the Old Testament,
parts of the New Testament,
the "Tibetan Book of the Dead."
You name it, it all
comes from Lemuria.
And again, they
had their mentality
where when people are ready,
we're going to help them.
Because if we
don't help them, we
could have had-- look at
the Cuban Missile Crisis.
This world could've been
wiped out 50 years ago.
But it didn't.
And one of the reasons is
because in the dream levels,
the time travelers can
interact with politicians,
with scientists, with
artists, et cetera.
With people in the
know and people
who have control or
influence over society.
So there is a soul
group of people
that just try to keep us
so we don't get destroyed.
And who have the best
reference for that?
Time travelers because
they're us in the future.
They have the
biggest self-interest
in making sure that we
don't annihilate each other.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And I've also noticed when you--
I've lived in Sedona for years.
And it wasn't
uncommon, you could
talk about any of this for
breakfast as a matter of fact.
It was a common experience.
>>GOLDBERG: Energy vortex.
The whole place is
an energy vortex.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
And there was a lot of
openness in terms of intuition
where you could see
overlays among people
that you had just met.
And so there was this
extreme recognition
that was happening among people.
The lot of them,
the common theme
was the trajectory going
from Lemuria, Atlantis
through into Egypt, a lot of
people from the Egyptian times.
But then you throw
in there and you
start getting these other
stops along the way.
A lot of French coming into the
American times, for example.
And so can you talk
just a little bit--
we just have a couple
more minutes-- about some
of these great soul paths?
And then finally, what
we're all merging to.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, if you
do past life regressions--
and I've done over
35,000 of them--
you'll see people can
have an Asian past life,
and then have a European life,
and a South American life.
So there's a mixture there.
But they're doing this for
a karmic purpose to learn.
And there's an overview of what
we call the white brotherhood.
There's the black brotherhood
is what it's called.
There's the lower astral
entities and the negative ones.
They always use white and
black for those colors.
And then, the white
brotherhood is
our spirit guides,
archangels, et cetera.
So these white
brotherhood so to speak
are kind of moderating
this and making sure
that we don't
destroy each other.
So that's the mentality.
Now, interestingly enough,
let's talk about California,
for example.
California, where I
live, is a weird state
by most people's definition.
Guess what?
California today, if you look
at the San Andreas fault,
people do not disagree--
geophysicists--
that this could have been added
on to the Continental United
States.
What we feel today is
the East Coast of Lemuria
is the West Coast
of United States.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And I've heard that many times.
>>GOLDBERG: That's why
you have California.
By the way, the
soil is different.
>>REGINA: The whole kind of new
age-- I don't like that term
and it's outdated.
But that whole spiritual
movement and the creativity.
>>GOLDBERG: But don't
forget, the soil
changes as you leave
the state line.
That's like impossible
on a biochemical level.
So California has always been
known as the strange place.
Oregon and Washington state,
very liberal but very--
call it new age.
But what I'm saying is that if
you look at the fault lines,
that's what would happen
in tectonic plates.
If you break off
part of a continent
and then you cement it on,
so to speak, to the next one,
you're going to have
tectonic plates which
result in faults,
which will result
in different climate, different
soil, and earthquakes.
>>REGINA: So you have people
that are incarnating back
into that region--
>>GOLDBERG: Right.
Because they're attracted to it.
>>REGINA: --that are in
resonance with that Lemurian
energy?
>>GOLDBERG: Exactly.
And the Atlantean energy
would be maybe some New York
corporate executive or
some military general
in the Pentagon.
>>REGINA: Madison Street.
>>GOLDBERG: Madison Avenue.
>>REGINA: Madison Avenue.
>>GOLDBERG: Yes,
controlling people.
So people are attracted
to the energies based
upon who they are,
what they want.
The more passive, the more
aggressive, the more assertive,
whatever in between,
they're going
to be attracted by not just
the soul grouping of people.
That's relevant.
But also, the energy of
where they want to be.
What kind of energy vortex
do they want to be in?
A Wall Street
stockbroker is not going
to be in Sedona, necessarily.
>>REGINA: No.
>>GOLDBERG: Not going to
be attracted to the city.
>>REGINA: No, I didn't meet
too many of those there.
Maybe a couple formers that had
been through some epiphanies.
>>GOLDBERG: They saw
the light, so to speak.
>>REGINA: They saw the light.
Well, once again, I
thank you so much.
And I guess the
upshot of all of this
is these visions that are seen
in the future, which we talked
about in our last
interview-- you should take
a look at that one--
really are of a much more
hopeful future than what a
lot of people are saying.
>>GOLDBERG: Much more hopeful.
Once we get beyond the
century, we are on easy street.
>>REGINA: There we go.
Thank you so much.
>>GOLDBERG: My pleasure, Regina.
>>REGINA: Beyond fascinating.
I hope you found this topic
worthy of further research,
perhaps even on
a personal level.
Many believe that this
knowledge provides
a context for everything
else and promotes a greater
sense of calm and
non-attachment to the challenges
we're facing in our lives today.
Meanwhile, Bruce's books give
clear how-to instructions
as to self-hypnosis,
how to travel out
of body, and much more.
You can find them at Amazon
and other major booksellers
as well.
And you can go to this
website, drbrucegoldberg.com.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.